Hey, everybody.
Welcome back to
Boost Your Income with
Bootstrap to WordPress.
This lecture is called
Coding the Opt-in Section.
[MUSIC]
First off, I'm gonna show you
what it is that we're doing.
So here in our site that we're working on,
we only have up to the header, the hero
section, and all this sort of stuff here.
What we wanna add is this opt-in
bar with our text and then
the button to click to subscribe which
will initiate a modal window, like so.
So that's what we're gonna do right now.
Open up your Code Editor, and
scroll to the opt in section in your code.
And let's start off by giving
that section an ID of optin.
Inside there, we're gonna give
a div with the class of container.
That's a Bootstrap class.
Wraps the content in here within
a container that is centered in the middle
of the screen.
And also allows us to add some
responsive markup in here.
So we're gonna add a row.
And inside that row,
we're gonna add two columns.
Because we have some text on the left,
and we have the button on the right.
And we can use columns
to achieve that layout,
and that also means it is responsive
because these are bootstrap classes.
So col-sm-8, it will be 8 columns.
And then after that,
let's add another column, col-sm-4.
That equates to 12.
In our 8 column,
we're gonna add a paragraph and
give that paragraph the class of lead.
That's a Bootstrap class, gives
the paragraph just a bigger font, and
it's a little bit more smooth-looking.
It's supposed to be for leading texts.
So strong tag, and we're gonna say,
Subscribe to our mailing list.
After the strong tag, We'll send
something special as a thank you.
Perfect.
And then in here,
we're gonna add a button,
an actual button with
the class of btn btn-success,
btn-lg, and btn-block.
Now, let me explain all these classes, btn
stands for button, it's a bootstrap class.
It allows the markup to be styled
as an initial Bootstrap button,
and then all the rest of the classes
will further style that button.
So button success gives
it the success color,
which is set at green, and we're gonna
customize that green color shortly.
Button large, makes the button larger.
And button block,
that makes a block element,
rather than a inline block element.
And then we're going to add
a couple more things here.
So data-toggle attribute modal.
Bootstrap attributes here to initiate
our modal window once we code it,
data-target, then the ID of myModal, and
that's gonna be the ID of our modal.
And inside the button, let's just say,
Click here to subscribe.
So let's just have a look to
see what that looks like.
So here it is right here, we have our
leading text, you could see it's bigger,
and our button.
But there's a few things wrong
that obviously we don't have yet.
So we don't have the big blue bar
spanning the width of the page.
The text doesn't look smooth,
like it's not being anti-alias
than using WebKit font smoothing.
And same with the button,
it's got a little bit chunky text in here.
It's not smooth-looking.
So let's remedy that with some CSS.
I know the first thing that I wanna do
here is I'm gonna fix something that we
probably didn't notice yet.
This image is actually a little
too large for its column.
Let me just toggle between
the websites here.
You could see how the final website,
the image is smaller.
And that's because the image right
now is just fixed at its width,
but we wanna give that images in
our site the max width of 100%.
That means that it will scale
to the width of its parent.
So right here, the parent,
the column ends about here.
And the same here, it ends about here but
the image kind of overflows outside of it,
and we wanna fix that.
All you gotta do here is,
in your CSS, let's put it in
your Global section,
img { max-width: 100%.
Now, check it out.
And fixed.
Perfect.
Now, let's go and start selling these.
Here in your CSS, at the very bottom,
we're going to add a new comment here,
that's called layout.
And we're gonna add our
layout styles here.
So let's add optin, and
optin is gonna have a background
of that blue color, which was 3E4249.
The padding will be 20 pixels,
top bottom, not on left, right.
The color of the text will be white.
We're gonna add some sexytext,
webkit-font-smoothing, and
text-rendering that is, and
font-size will be 1.2em.
So it'll be technically about 20% larger
than the base font size of the whole site.
We're gonna add style for
the paragraph tag here.
And we're gonna say, margin: 7px 0 0 0,
because it currently
will be kinda jabbed up in the top, and we
wanna give a little bit of spacing there.
Save that, check it out.
There we go.
Now, the only thing left here is this
button's text is a little bit chunky, and
we need to fix that by going
up to our Global section.
And here, just above our button class,
let's add
button, input, class of button,
a, the class of button.
This is just gonna cover
all these combinations.
So we're gonna grab the button,
inputs, class of button, and
a with a class of button, and
we're gonna give that some sexytext, and
we will give the color white.
Just to make sure,
sometimes when you have a link,
it will default to a link color like blue,
or red, or something like that.
So we wanna make sure that it is white.
Save it, check it out.
And that looks a little bit smoother,
so that's good.
Don't go anywhere,
because in the next lecture,
we're going to be coding
the Bootstrap modal window.
See you there.
[MUSIC]